Clarify common misinterpretations in contributor sustainability guide (#169)
chaoss/wg-data-science: practitioner-guides/contributor-sustainability.md

* Fagerholm, F., Guinea, A. S., Münch, J., & Borenstein, J. (2014, September). [The role of mentoring and project characteristics for onboarding in open source software projects](https://citeseerx.ist.psu.edu/document?repid=rep1&type=pdf&doi=2096b22e7a465eec6ece0933acefebffc286d1f2). In Proceedings of the 8th ACM/IEEE international symposium on empirical software engineering and measurement (pp. 1-10). 

CHAOSS Practitioner Guides are MIT licensed, living documents, and we welcome your feedback and input. You can suggest edits to this document at https://github.com/chaoss/wg-data-science/blob/main/practitioner-guides/contributor-sustainability.md

> ## Common Misinterpretations

Author: Done. I moved the content under “Cautions and Considerations”, removed the extra headers, and added myself to Contributors. Thanks!

*   Short-term fluctuations in contributor activity (for example, during holidays or release freezes) are often mistaken for long-term trends.

> *   High numbers of drive-by contributors can mask a lack of dedicated maintainers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   High numbers of [occasional contributors](https://chaoss.community/?p=3466) can mask a lack of dedicated maintainers.
```
Because of the negative association with "drive-by" we renamed this metric within CHAOSS to "occasional" contributors, and I've added a link.
